fix: Do not clear the schema cache during retries (#4869)
PostgREST/postgrest: CHANGELOG.md

- Shutdown should wait for in flight requests by @mkleczek in #4702
- Remove automatic transaction retries on `40001 (serialization_failure)` errors to prevent replication lag by @laurenceisla in #3673
- Fix unexpected results when embedding and filtering the same table more than once by @laurenceisla in #4075

> - PostgREST no longer returns voids schema cache during loading retries by @mkleczek in #4873 #4869

Reviewer: This needs to be more user facing, currently it mentions an implementation detail. Maybe:
```suggestion
- If the schema cache fails to reload, PostgREST will no longer stop serving requests and will continue doing so in a "best effort" basis  by @mkleczek in #4873 #4869
```

- Restore Listener query shape so it can be found in pg_stat_activity by @mkleczek in #4857 #4859
- The LISTEN channel now automatically recovers when it stops working due to a PostgreSQL bug @laurenceisla in #3147
- Fix misleading "Functions" name on schema cache summary in startup logs by @taimoorzaeem in #4821

> - PostgREST no longer returns 503 error during schema cache loading retries by @mkleczek in #4869

Reviewer: Is this true? IIRC if the DB is down we will return 503 while schema cache retrying.

Author: Yeah, that's too strong. Fixed.
